Update changelog and version for 2.3 release (#2730)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Limits: change the default value of `max_global_series_per_metric` limit to `0` (disabled). Setting this limit by default does not provide much benefit because series are sharded by all labels. #2714
* [FEATURE] Compactor: Adds the ability to delete partial blocks after a configurable delay. This option can be configured per tenant. #2285
  - `-compactor.partial-block-deletion-delay`, as a duration string, allows you to set the delay since a partial block has been modified before marking it for deletion. A value of `0`, the default, disables this feature.
  - The metric `cortex_compactor_blocks_marked_for_deletion_total` has a new value for the `reason` label `reason="partial"`, when a block deletion marker is triggered by the partial block deletion delay.
* [FEATURE] Querier: enabled support for queries with negative offsets, which are not cached in the query results cache. #2429
* [FEATURE] EXPERIMENTAL: OpenTelemetry Metrics ingestion path on `/otlp/v1/metrics`. #695 #2436 #2461
* [FEATURE] Querier: Added support for tenant federation to metric metadata endpoint. #2467

> * [FEATURE] Usage Stats: Periodically send anonymous usage stats report to grafana.com #2662

Reviewer: Please remove this. The feature is not ready yet and disabled by default (reason why I didn't add a CHANGELOG entry yet). It will be part of the next release.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should keep it and mention that it's not yet working and disabled? People may find merged PRs and be concerned. (If we remove this entry, should we at least mention the upcoming feature in release notes?)

Reviewer: Ok. I will open a PR against `main` and then we cherry-pick it in `release-2.3` (which I think it's a better approach).

Reviewer: See: https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/2732

* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Drop exemplars in distributor for tenants where exemplars are disabled. #2504
* [ENHANCEMENT] Runtime Config: Allow operator to specify multiple comma-separated yaml files in `-runtime-config.file` that will be merged in left to right order. #2583
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query sharding: shard binary operations only if it doesn't lead to non-shardable vector selectors in one of the operands. #2696

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add packaging for both debian based deb file and redhat based rpm file using FPM. #1803

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add packages for Debian and CentOS. #1803
```

Author: We're not supplying the packages, just added the ability to create them in that PR.

Reviewer: I think the plan is to use that tooling to publish them, no?

Reviewer 2: > I think the plan is to use that tooling to publish them, no?

That's my understanding too. We may want to update RELEASE.md to mention build of packages during release process.

Author: We can do that, I'll build those and add it to the release process!

* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Drop exemplars in distributor for tenants where exemplars are disabled. #2504
* [ENHANCEMENT] Runtime Config: Allow operator to specify multiple comma-separated yaml files in `-runtime-config.file` that will be merged in left to right order. #2583
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query sharding: shard binary operations only if it doesn't lead to non-shardable vector selectors in one of the operands. #2696

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Reintroducing packaging for both debian based deb file and redhat based rpm file using FPM. #1803

Reviewer 2: "Reintroducing" refers to Cortex. Mimir never had deb/rpm packages.

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Usage Stats: Track custom anonymous usage statistics from ingester and querier #2685

Reviewer: Remove this for the same reason.

* [BUGFIX] Query-frontend: fix wrong query sharding results for queries with boolean result like `1 < bool 0`. #2558
* [BUGFIX] Fixed error messages related to per-instance limits incorrectly reporting they can be set on a per-tenant basis. #2610
* [BUGFIX] Perform HA-deduplication before forwarding samples according to forwarding rules in the distributor. #2603
* [BUGFIX] Fix reporting of tracing spans from PromQL engine. #2707

> * [BUGFIX] Distributor: Apply distributor instance limits before running HA deduplication. #2709

Reviewer 2: If this is part of 2.2, then it doesn't need its own changelog entry. We can just mention PR number next to #2603.
